"My only dislike is that there's only one or two standards that directly address literacy, reading choice, etc.",
'I would like to see more examples of the standards being used in an elementary school setting.',
'too wordy',
'Its a lot of information',
'I find it all too overwhelming and my principal certainly doesn’t care to read and understand them. ',
"There are so many strands and tables that seem to repeat themselves, it's hard to always know which one to choose. ",
'Too vague.  I would like some more concrete examples of ways to teach the standards.',
'It does not break the standards down for different age levels',
'Some are hard to understand',
"I find that the focus on these standards is primarily on the library and digital information and digital information literacy skills development. Last time I checked, we still live in a physical world with physical libraries and books. Students still need to learn how to find materials independently in these physical spaces and I feel as though these standards forget about that (along with many other sets of standards for school libraries). We need to teach students how to function in a physical library AND also teach them how to function in the digital realm of information retrieval. My students are lost after looking up a book in the digital catalog if I don't first teach them how to locate physical books on the library shelves.",
'Needs more hard core examples and real world ideas in there. To me it is very much pie in the sky. Sentences sound good. But how do schools get from point A to point B. THAT is what is missing. Written like people who wrote it have not ever been in a classroom or dealt with how far behind these kids are in reality. Need more success stories in real life. ',
'Very long ',
"There are so many parts that sometimes it's difficult to find exactly what you are looking for (domains, shared foundations, key commitments, etc.)",
'It is way too complex, especially at an elementary level.',
'everything seems to be repeatitive ',
'sometimes they can be very vague or general ',
'The standards are not broken down into what students should know at each developmental level. How do the standards build on one another year after year?',
'For me it is somewhat difficult to synthesize the content. I probably need more time in the book.',
'Wording ',
'Too many scenarios - very confusing. I just want the infomration. ',
"I find the book well done.  Sometimes it can be daunting in what don't/should I be doing.",
"The Curate Standard Think and Create start to overlap. Determining the need, identifying possible sources of information, making critical choices, seeking a variety of sources  etc... (This is all done in the Research Process with the Super 3 and Big 6). Why are we taking something simple with 3-6 steps and making it so complicated across the board.
"they aren't clear, too ambiguous",
'Too much information-all the wordiness could be better used to break down the standard for each grade level',
'I wish the language was more student-friendly or had a student-friendly option.',
'Too long, too wordy. Standards are dense',
"There's just so much!",
"it's overwhelming and  would be impossible to implement ALL standards for all learners",
'I think these standards are too broad.  I think they lack clarity and need to be narrowed down. ',
'It is too much to take in. I think it would be much more accessible if broken down into grade-range bands.',
'more user friendly and relevant ',
'I wish that the Future Ready Librarian standards were integrated into these. They came out at the same time and were confusing to be repeated.',
'very wordy',
'Almost too much material. Not so easy to find what you are looking for.',
'It can be overwhelming and confusing ',
'I would like more concrete examples.',
'The standards are out of touch of Title I schools that have elementary students who are still learning to read. Most of my students have never been to a library or even been read to before starting school.  ',
"I do not like that the standards haven't included reading. There is nothing in our standards about reading comprehension, appreciation & exposure to different types of literature or creating a love of reading. Our standards seem to heavily focus on the inquiry piece of our job.",
'Overwhelming in volume',
'Nothing. It’s bulky & too much. ',
'I understand the reasoning for how the material is compiled, it is simply overwhelming in scope.',
'It is too vague.',
'The standards are incredibly complicated to understand and use in general. This is a way to understand them and I feel the standards themselves should not be so complicated.',
'I find it difficult to identify the specific standards which address social-emotional learning and other important skills like teamwork, cooperation, sharing, etc.',
"They are difficult to locate standards. ",
"sorry but it's too complicated, not subject specific compared to State Standards.",
'The standards themselves are very board and hard to crosswalk with other standards (ie state) ',
'it is a bit confusing and takes time to circle back around to everything. Many ideas and districts are still stuck in the early 21st century and many would take years to get to these standards. It has been an uphill battle with some old time librarians to introduce the standards',
'I would like more included about how to scale the standards from K-12.  ',
"There's too much and too many elements to the framework. I am relying on the Learning guides created by the AASL Emerging leaders teams. they are a practical supplement.",
'It can be overwhelming to someone who is new or changing professions to grasp. ',
'Difficult format to use.  Language is not user friendly--to nebulous',
"Our school has a technology lab where all the STEM  and maker space lessons happen. I'm teaching literacy lessons to support the curriculum and teachers/students. Different libraries have different number and length of lessons so it is easier if lessons can be delivered in 15/30/45 minute timeframes.",
'All the letters and numbers for the standards.',
'Organization (in my opinion) is poor and is not easy to follow.  The standards are too vague and broad.',
"The learning standards are too much as a whole and are not clear the way they are presented.
'I like to align it with other standards that are more narrow in focus depending upon what I am teaching in practice. The above publications are very broad.',
'There is little to show how a progression of skills/knowledge would take place - from K-2, 3-5, 6-8, 9-12.',
'everything is vague ',
'There is no checklist. There is no applicability. It seems to be a catch all net for what you want it to be. I wanted curriculum. I wanted standards. I wanted grade band learning expectations. I do not feel that is what was given.',
'Vague and broad...not specific enough so consistent teaching from school to school and district to district',
"We are now including the Engineering Design Process and STEM in our curriculum. The standards should reflect this. These standards don't reflect most of what I do and teach.",
'I find they lack specificity.,
'Sometimes vague...how to break down the standards into lessons can be a challenge sometimes.',
"I don't see the distinctions between standards.",
"I find that somethings are unrealistic or too idealistic for school librarians to achieve. It's just too much responsibility for one position.",
'Confusing that the library itself has a set of standards. ',
'The separate standards for librarians and libraries are difficult to differentiate and seem redundant.',
'I dislike the length. ',
"I find the book well done.  Sometimes it can be daunting in what don't/should I be doing.",
'I find they lack specificity.',
'Would like more practical examples',
'Almost too much material. Not so easy to find what you are looking for.',
'Some are hard to understand',
"It's TOO MUCH. It's overwhelming to read and use and this ultimately makes it useless in my opinion. I don't understand why school librarians and school libraries are two separate things -- just seems unnecessary. The learner competencies make sense to me.",
"There are so many strands and tables that seem to repeat themselves, it's hard to always know which one to choose. ",
"There's just so much!",
"They're complex, with domains and competencies and shared foundations and multiple applications and include all ages; figuring out what they look like in MY library can be challenging.",
“The standards are too vague and broad.',
'Also wish that it was available as a crosswalk with ISTE,  or CCSS.',
'I waste so much time searching the standards to find the ONE that applies to what I am doing with students. Empowering Learners, while not as detailed, was organized in a way that made it easier to find the relevant standards.',
'Not the most user-friendly for a quick look at standards for non-librarian district PD. ',
"They are wordy.",
'The framework is not friendly and is overwhelming. ',
'broad for K-12 education, not expectations for specific grades or grade bands',
'There is not enough about helping students to learn to love reading.',
"It's too word heavy. I can never find what I'm looking for.",
'Language is not user friendly--to nebulous',
"They're just too much.",
'Because it has 2 sets of standards it is dense and hard to use',
'They are very broad. I would like more guidance on library programing. ,
"I find that the focus on these standards is primarily on the library and digital information and digital information literacy skills development... Students still need to learn how to find materials independently in these physical spaces.
"They are difficult to locate standards. ",
'Sometimes the set up of the standards and how they are interpreted can be challenging.  For example, knowing how to read the map to say you are in curating and you are sharing, etc. ',
'It is very word-y and long. ',
'It is overwhelming without some samples of how each standard could be met at different grade levels. ',
'Sometimes vague...how to break down the standards into lessons can be a challenge sometimes.',
"I'm not sure if my issue is with the publication or the Standards themselves, but there is no emphasis on reading for pleasure, or 'free choice' books. This makes it hard for me to advocate for libraries in a district that has 5 TLs for 15,000 students.",
'I sometimes wish the framework/standards were a little less wordy and involved.',
'so. much. content (in a good way)',
" sometimes too general to measure effectiveness in classroom",
'a little wordy',
'It seemed to make sense to be broken down by students, librarian and library. They are connected but different focuses.  ',
'Some are hard to understand',
'It is repetitive, disorganized and hard to follow.  ',
'The book, like the standards, is overly complicated. I would prefer a simplified version of the standards and for the book to include lesson plans for each standard. ',
'I waste so much time searching the standards to find the ONE that applies to what I am doing with students. Empowering Learners, while not as detailed, was organized in a way that made it easier to find the relevant standards.',
"It operates in an idealistic setting, which I've yet to experience in more than 20 years of being a School Librarian",
'With the growth of technology, they need to be updated for the AI era. ',
'Some of the specific data points regarding collection development seem outdated. ',
'Very broad/generic. ',
'The book seems a little long--therfore, daunting. I believe the information could be condensed. ',
'not broken down by grade/grade band',
'  Language is not user friendly--to nebulous',
"There are so many strands and tables that seem to repeat themselves, it's hard to always know which one to choose. ",
"I find the book well done.  Sometimes it can be daunting in what don't/should I be doing.",
"It is dense (which is good) and sometimes difficult to locate exactly what I'm going for. .",
"I do wish there was a little more spelled out about media literacy, everyday media and technology usage, personal relationships with technology and media. I find some of the standards mentioning collaborative work, discussions, and tinkering difficult to implement at my level, so in my district, we've been looking at addressing them at different levels K-12.",
'The length. It feels a bit overwhelming.',
'It is a bit confusing and convoluted in presentation, could be a more streamlined and easy to use',
'The separate standards for librarians and libraries are difficult to differentiate and seem redundant.',
'I understand the reasoning for how the material is compiled, it is simply overwhelming in scope.',
'Personally, I wish they were a little more skill & grade specific. ',
'They are incredibly bloated, wordy, complex, and long.',
'The book is so cumbersome and the standards themselves are overly complicated. 4 domains for each of 6 foundations for 3 different audiences is way too much.',
'Getting to everything I need, not really a read-all-at-once book',
"It's overly complicated",
"It's very detail. While I appreciate all the information provided, I have not read the entire book. Some of the information is not pertinent. I tend to skim the book and go to different sections.",
'The standards themselves were too complicated to communicate effectively or use as a scope and sequence ',
'Too large of book',
'Dividing it into 3 categories.  Keep it simple. ',
'Hard to easily access the entire framework at a simple glance.',
'It’s complicated. ',
'Length can be a barrier for others. The key is to make it clear this is a reference book.',
"Frankly, once we're out of our training programs, there is no time to read a whole book, nor is there always money for professional books-- books for students come first. ",
"There are so many parts that sometimes it's difficult to find exactly what you are looking for (domains, shared foundations, key commitments, etc.)",
"There are so many strands and tables that seem to repeat themselves, it's hard to always know which one to choose. ",
'Some are hard to understand',
'Very long ',
'The standards are too vague and broad.',
'I expected benchmarks and skills by grade.',
'Almost too much material. Not so easy to find what you are looking for.',
'Would like it to be a little more reader friendly.',
'They are very broad. I would like more guidance on library programing. ',
'I would like to see more examples of lessons or units that address each standard group.'