'Expense.',
'If the standards are to be used, they should be accessible to all librarians. It is difficult for me to purchase a book to understand the standards.',
'Cost, therefore accessibility. School administrators are not familiar with these standards or this book.',
'The cost of it, which is more than 10% of my annual budget in one of my schools. ',
'The cost.  If I had not been given a discount through my university program, I would not have been able to afford to purchase the book.  ',
' The book is also VERY expensive.',
'The cost.',
'I have to type the standards into my lesson plan.  An online version would be more helpful to copy and paste.',
'the cost',
"I don't always have a copy on me, but I can always look them up easily online. That's not really a dislike. ",
'The price. The price. The price.',
'I also think info on the foundations should be available free online for librarians.  If it is important to have standards, which it is, we need to have access to them and they should be easy to understand and use.  ',
'Cost ',
"difficult to create one's own crosswalk bc it does not exist in  csv format;",
'It is incredibly expensive for the average school librarian. ',
'Print copy can be useful and more cost friendly.',
'Expense.',
'If the standards are to be used, they should be accessible to all librarians. It is difficult for me to purchase a book to understand the standards.',
'That they are not freely accessible. Someone who can not purchase the book does not have full access. Our profession is about equity and access and yet we are excluding some. ',
'I dislike that I have $200 for a book about National Standards in my proffession. I think the general standards should be available to all but then a REASONABLY priced book about the standards ($30 or less). It really upsets me that ACCESS to the standards is so expensive. Shaking My Head. ',
'too expensive',
'Way too expensive! ',
'Cost, therefore accessibility. .',
"The cost is too high. I was able to get a copy paid by my school but now I'm not allowed to order with ALA because my bookkeeper doesn't pay things in a timely manner and won't pay if things don't ship from ALA in a specific amount of time. It's just a huge hassle to order and to find funds. In the future, if there's an update, i won't be able to order it from ALA so I'm hoping it's purchasable from Follett or Barnes & Noble or other vendor so I don't have to pay for it out of pocket.",
"I don't have the book. ",
'I also feel like it does not encompass helping students choose and read books in a variety of formats enough. ',
'Expense.',
'It’s inaccessible usually behind a paywall. Way too expensive & way too wordy. That’s why I prefer the ISTE standards. They’re straight to the point. ',
"They are expensive for school librarians who don't have a budget that allows them to purchase them, and not accessible online.",
'The materials are prohibitively expensive.',
"I don't own the book",
"I don't like that AASL members still had to pay for it.",
'THE BOOK IS SO EXPENSIVE. it needs to be moreaccessible like the tx library standards are/ ',
'The price is cost prohibitive',
'If the standards are to be used, they should be accessible to all librarians. It is difficult for me to purchase a book to understand the standards.',
'Cost, therefore accessibility.',
'I do not have access to the book, as the price point is prohibitively expensive for me personally. I have worked in two districts since the new standards were released and neither provides funding for professional development books. I would have had to use my budget allocated towards student books in order to purchase it for my use and that did not sit comfortably with me. ',
'I think they book is way too costly for students and Librarians, who do not typically have a lot of money to spare. I also think the standards are useless.',
"Not a dislike, but I bought the book with district funds, but doubt I would do that again. I want to be able to Ctrl+F information quickly, so I won't buy book in the future if re-written.",
'  The book is also VERY expensive.',
'The cost.  If I had not been given a discount through my university program, I would not have been able to afford to purchase the book.  ',
'I am also frustrated by the cost. Many librarians do not get support from their administration or school districts to pay for professional organization membership, conferences, or publications. Choosing whether to buy materials for my students or to pay for the standards I need to advocate for my program is difficult. ',
'The online version is not the most intuitive to download/access. ',
'price prohibitive',
"I don't own a copy of the book",
"I don't have a copy of the book. ",
'I don’t have the book.',
'The book is much too expensive. ',
'Expense.',
"I have not read the book so I can't comment. ",
'I do not have the book.',
'too expensive',
'I do not have access to the book, as the price point is prohibitively expensive for me personally. I have worked in two districts since the new standards were released and neither provides funding for professional development books. I would have had to use my budget allocated towards student books in order to purchase it for my use and that did not sit comfortably with me. ',
'Only glanced over- wish it was free',
'Getting a copy of it on a limited school budget',
'The cost.  If I had not been given a discount through my university program, I would not have been able to afford to purchase the book.  ',
'The cost of the book is prohibitive.  ',
'The cost of it, which is more than 10% of my annual budget in one of my schools. ',
'The materials are prohibitively expensive.',