'Would like more practical examples',
'Sometimes hard to apply in certain situations.',
'It is difficult to map the standards out from the ground level',
'Standards are hard to assess, so while they are valuable, it makes them hard to advocate to administrators who want deliverables and data',
'Not practical or actionable. ',
'School administrators are not familiar with these standards or this book.',
'lacks ease in practical application imho',
"sometimes it's difficult to explain the framework and shared foundations",
"I wouldn't say that I dislike any element of it, I just wish there were more sample lesson plans. Or more examples in terms of goal-setting for teacher evaluation. ",
'Administrators, for the most part, do not care about library standards. We should be looking at all disciplines’ research standards and deciding what those look like in libraryland.   Teaching dispositions, at least for me, is unrealistic. ',
'It is difficult to put into practice and be useful at times. I would like some examples of how to incorporate the standards because not all of them are easy to incorporate into my library classes. ',
'One of the hardest things to get administrators to understand is that we do teach a specific content--research & information literacy. I would like to see that specific content made more explicit in the standards. I think they could do a little more to show how we support reading in the school as well--both aesthetic & efferent reading (for pleasure & for information). ',
'I find it challenging as a school librarian in an alternative high school to follow guidelines set for grade level when we do not have grade levels.',
'They are not easy to apply. It can be difficult to match them to other discipline standards and at the high school level most often lessons are collaborative for me.',
'There are a lot of standards within the learner standards that do not connect with my state content standards and that don’t seem to fit within the instructional piece but rather the program piece. It feels like we jammed a lot of standards in the instructional piece that could be more streamlined to fit into critical thinking as well as effective and ethical use of information. ',
'Outside of my library colleagues, no one knows or cares about them.',
'It would be great to have a "how to use" page to help new librarians use the standards. ',
"That my state dept of ed doesn't recognize it so my administrators don't think it needs to be followed.",
'It is difficult to put into practice and be useful at times. I would like some examples of how to incorporate the standards because not all of them are easy to incorporate into my library classes. ',
'Standards are hard to assess, so while they are valuable, it makes them hard to advocate to administrators who want deliverables and data',
'Not as practicle for middle school and high school libraries as elementary.',
'Administrators do not always value the national standards vs the state standards.',
'It is not practical for helping me shape the day to day operations of my library',
'School administrators are not familiar with these standards or this book.',
"It's too broad and hard to take parts from the standards that work alone and can be integrated into lessons or units. It hasn't explained and clarified our role. Has it contributed to less being learned about us? More confusion?",
"It's also more incomprehensible to explain to administrators and fellow educators.",
"The framework is by definition, murky. In an effort to be applicable to the wide variety of student ages and the different aspects of a librarian's work, it falls short of practically meeting needs.",
"Also, there needs to be marketing to schools that this is the way our libraries are run.  Too many believe we are just babysitters who read books.  Good work can be done, but I don't think anyone outside the library world knows or cares about these standards.  Schools who embrace them will have high achieving students.  ",
'I find the standards wordy and hard to use in real life. I still use the old AASL standards for designing research rubrics for students because they are more clear and easy to understand.',
'understanding how it fits to my schedule and curriculum',
'Standards are hard to assess, so while they are valuable, it makes them hard to advocate to administrators who want deliverables and data',
'There are alot of standards to follow. However, we do not have reasonable time or staffing to fully follow said standards.',
'Same as above because it is alot to include on lesson plans.  I feel like I am missing them.',
"Elementary School libraries in my district are still perceived/  thought of like that of the elementary school libraries 25-30+ years ago.  Technology has changed the school librarian's role and standards, however administrators do not 'see' or recognize this important change and transition of current elementary libraries function as standards require.  So, new standards are often difficult to address when administrators do not understand the current role of elementary school libraries.  So, my concern is that the new national standards of school libraries, such as technology standards, are often out of reach for the elementary school librarian.   ",
'having the actual planning or administrative time to design lessons and research the standards.',
'I guess I need training on how to implement it while meeting the challenges of the needs of students in a Title I school.',
"I've found them challenging to apply to my daily work.",
"It is extremely wordy and not easily translated to elementary library skills.  My administration doesn't understand how AASL standards relate to our state standards.",
'It can be difficult to apply them to certain library lessons. ',
'I wish that there were more concrete examples by grade level.  Some of the standards sound nice, but it can be hard to imagine how to apply them, especially with K-2 students.',
'Some of the standards feel extremely pedagogical but not necessarily practical for practicing librarians.  I am not sure how much input actual school librarians had in creating it and how much cultural and economic diversity was taken into consideration.',
'I often have difficulty in placing some of the standards into my lesson plans for primary students. ',
'It is a lot but also necessary.  I love them but find them hard to implement in my environment. In the elementary level on a fixed rotation schedule it is a dream that belies the possibility of implementation due to parameters that are beyond my control.',
'I had high hopes for it but I found it confusing and not practical. I have tried to incorporate these standards but they are too broad, difficult to measure and can apply to anything. They aren’t useful. ',
'It is difficult to put into practice and be useful at times. I would like some examples of how to incorporate the standards because not all of them are easy to incorporate into my library classes. ',
'They are ideal...but we are not working in ideal situations. We have to work in situations that other people get to determine such as schedule, budget,planning time or lack of it. ',
'not very easy to align with current state requirements',