'Sharing with administrators and decision makers ',
'It is the main thrust of the department curriculum and we refer to it often when demonstrating the role we play within the schools.',
'I add them to informational products for administrators.',
'To guide my instruction with my student library assistants in library science, to validate my collaboration with classroom teachers and their learners, and to validate the instructional role of the school librarian.',
'They are a part of my library plan that I present to the school board each year for approval.'
“to advocate for a specific evaluation of librarians roles vs. using the standard Marzano framework which doesn't capture much of the job description.”
'I have used the career readiness to advocate for the importance of school librarians as well as advocating for the learners to have access to materials that will help them prepare for the workforce and college.',
'Share the information with my administration',
'I use the NSLS and materials from AASL to create professional development for my colleagues to better support them in understanding the role of librarians & libraries in learning ',
'The publication provides the basis for all of our work. It backs up the priorities of a quality school library program.',
'By referring to the standards when communicating with administrators. ',
'I use these with classroom teachers when collaborating.',
'we use the standards to show that the library program is a legitimate academic department, as opposed to an arm of the tech department or part of student services',
'I give each teacher a copy of the learner standards. I refer to the standards for School Libraries when meeting with my administration. ',
'To guide my instruction with my student library assistants in library science, to validate my collaboration with classroom teachers and their learners, and to validate the instructional role of the school librarian.',
'Show the value of school libraries, certified librarians, library classes.',
'By sharing information from them when we meet with legislators and administrators',
'We use implementation and advocacy to facilitate conversations with teachers about collaboration.  ',
'I use these items to show what all the librarian can do for our school.',
'I rarely use them because they are so cumbersome. I use them when I am writing goals for my annual evaluation and I use them when I speaking to the school board or community, but I never use them in my actual practice.',
'I have brought it to meets with colleagues to show that I also have standards that I want to follow. I could do better at explicitly stating what the standards are within our collaborative lessons. ',
'crosswalks with ISTE in order to draw in more teacher users to understand the impact library standards have cross curricularly',
'I have used them with my principal to demonstrate how interconnected the library standards are with the state standards and curriculum. I have used them with the library department to discuss what may be missing k-12. ',
'I’ve used the standards to create crosswalks with state content area standards as tools for collaboration. ',
'Being familiar with them and knowing they exist means I know I can refer to them if needed. But just being a certified librarian is what makes me able to advocate.',
'When they first came out, I shared them with our administration and instructional council. I try to reference them when relevant.',
'I share a lot of appendix materials on school librarians with my admin regularly.',
'I use them in presentations when discussing the importance of school libraries and reading.',
'I add them to informational products for administrators.',
"I create collaborative unit planners using the standards and share with the content-area teacher I'm working with - whether it's in the library or classroom. I share this information with administration, although the directing principal still insists I simply check out books. She used to teach math and doesn't like to read, so perhaps she never felt a connection to libraries.",
"I've used them as a way to promote that the school library has national standards like other curricular areas.",
'I use the crosswalk with the Future Ready Librarians standards to document my work throughout the year for evaluation by my principal. I use that information to educate my principal on the standards relating to librarians and libraries in KY schools.  ',
'Use it to make sure that administration and other educators know what librarians can and should be doing. ',
'I have used the career readiness to advocate for the importance of school librarians as well as advocating for the learners to have access to materials that will help them prepare for the workforce and college.',
'I use the NSLS when I present information to staff members for our co-teaching lessons. I also include the standards when I present to whole staff about new technologies they can use and/or different learning platforms to consider. ',
'Sharing with administrators and decision makers ',
'I refer to them in my newsletters that get sent out to all parents, teachers, etc. in the district.',
'Put the standards on any presentation that I create. ',
'Show the value of school libraries, certified librarians, library classes.',
'I use the the standards and framework to help guide my collaboration with my classroom teachers to guide our planning and instruction.',
'I give each teacher a copy of the learner standards. I refer to the standards for School Libraries when meeting with my administration. ',
'I would add them as a resource at the bottom of a document, like our Library Plan or my essential standards doc.',
'I use the book to integrate our standards in collaborative lessons, the advocacy tool helps me find ways to promote the library program and showcase the strengths of the library to my community. ',
'I usually share them with staff a lot so they understand the work I do and how it supports their work.  I am sure to advertise and discuss the meanings of the framework and what it means when addressing collaboration or curation. ',
'In reports to school administration as well as our district',
'We have standards. That goes a long way with classroom teachers and other stakeholders. I mention them as though its assumed we have them as opposed to "don\'t you know we have library standards?"',
'I share a lot of appendix materials on school librarians with my admin regularly.',
'They are a part of my library plan that I present to the school board each year for approval.',
“The fact that this text exists, makes me hopeful for the future of school libraries. ",
'I have the standards poster up in our library space, and often refer to the crosswalk between subject standards and the AASL standards to reinforce to co-teachers our role in instruction.',
'I refer to them to support my decisions for why I do what I do in the library when discussing my plan for the library with administration.',
'I  add them to informational products for administrators.',
'having a common national document to reference is helpful when talking to administrators',
'Include a statement in my annual newsletters to parents & teachers. ',
"I refer to the fact that these standards exist. I tried very hard to use specific parts when it first came out, but it's just  TOO dense, too much, and needs to cut right to the point of how libraries increase student success. (Put all those stats front and center!)",
'Sharing with administrators and decision makers ',
'newsletter blurbs',
'We have the standards posted on our Focus Wall. ',
'Working with School Division, District School Board and State Legislators.',
'I use some of the posters and graphics in emails',
'It is nice to remind people that librarians have standards to cover.',
"increase school administrators' awareness of new library standards and current practices and the need to transition to a model of current elementary library expectations",
'I use it to show the wide areas of education libraries are involved in and how students should be learning. ',
'Making administrators and other educators aware that there are National School Library Standards helps show that there is more to the library than just checking out books!',
'I General, I do not need to use these standards, because my reputation as an expert librarian across the district stands for itself. However, it important to have them for many reasons as we all know.   I would like to have specific skills curriculum map for grades K-12 standardized for all school librarians across the United States.',
'They are a part of my library plan that I present to the school board each year for approval.',
'To show others in the school how I am a critical piece in the education of students and not just used for teacher "planning time".',
'We use them when designing curriculum, which is then approved by administration and when necessary the school board.',
'To illustrate the role the school library and a qualified librarian play in facilitating critical thinking and independent choice.',
'My administration just this year has acknowledged that I have them and should use them',
'I use it to show the value of what we do in the school library and that library content is aligned with standards just like every other subject. ',
'I have shown them to legislators and school committee members.',
'I use these to make any "asks" to our school administration and to advise administrators on best practices in their school libraries.',
'Mostly for funding requests.',
