'It would be helpful to have more resources that are equitably priced. My school is not standards-based, and I frequently find resources online from other states.',
'Crosswalk with AASL standards ',
'How to meet the standards in  an urban area where there may not be equal access to internet, computers or technology.',
'Each school library is different, not just because of the different ages we serve, but because of our locations, etc. There are times it would be nice to see what others have done for lessons in different areas across grade level. Not included in the book, but perhaps references I could direct my ed techs to.',
" More infographics, more charts more visual rather than the wordy dry version that focuses on one aspect of library.",
'more concrete examples of the learner standards being applied in the school library',
' Include a progression, with "look-fors" at each grade band level. They can be general enough to keep up with changing tech: What should K-2 know about citing sources & copyright? How about 3-5 grade? What are core ideas about literature/genres that we want to make sure to convey? ',
'A quick list of standards for students that is separate from the other standards.  It is too complex to dig through domains and principles, etc. to try and find what you are looking for.',
"I would like to have an administrator guide version to help with understanding the standards and how they apply to the school along with a supervisor's guide version to help new librarians. ",
'addressing behavior and poor attendance issues, lack of Administrative support and lack of understanding nor appreciation for school librarians. Often portrayed as a planning time exploratory or specials class that just read or check out books. ',
'Alignment with state standards and curriculum standards',
'Maybe specificity or benchmark examples?',
'Break down the framework for different ages of learners. How does achieving the framework standards look for 1st grade vs. 5th grade?',
'Use language that focuses on student action.',
'that we are teachers, not babysitters and we have a vital role in the schools; we are constantly given "other duties as assigned" because of the idea that it\'s "just media"',
'I just wish our standards could be more aligned with core standards,
' Include lots of examples.  ',
'Change the organization into age or grade level appropriateness.  ',
'I don\'t know.The philosophical and wonderful roles depicted in the standards are one thing, but it\'s difficult to advocate when administration roles see technology as supplanting what you do or architects want libraries as "learning commons" with cafes and presentation halls. Is there a place to deal with the reality that one of the first things cut in many education spheres is the librarian? It\'s happening in public libraries, too, where once I worked. My role is students first, always, but I often have to work around administration to make this happen. I don\'t know if that is, realistically, something that can be added or if I\'m simply floating a reminder to AASL that our education system is breaking down even more.',
'A better flow with the state standards for each state.',
'I would appreciate concrete examples and more specific guidance.',
'Be more specific with what expectations are for students in each grade band.',
'There should be crosswalks showing how the standards align or overlap with other standards we are being also asked to implement (ISTE, CCSS) and collaborate on with core subject  areas.',
'Include more concrete ideas and skills.  ',
'Grade bands of standards. Many districts have done it.  ',
'I know the standards of other disciplines change - but having a crosswalk or CONCRETE IDEAS on how to merge/connect them would be ideal. ',
'I am the district Standards Leader for libraries. ALL of my librarians struggle with seeing the practicality in these standards. They want more concrete examples and scaffolding. ',
'Model research lessons and all lessons by grade, including for high school AP classes.',
'A consideration of the realities of school libraries.  I teach on a fixed schedule--30-minute classes on a 6-day cycle.  I only see each of my classes less than 30 times a school year.  How can these standards be implemented when time is limited?',
 'One thing that I really appreciated in Information Power II and the 2007 Standards in Action were the specific examples of what the standards looked like.
'Grade/grade band targets ',
'More practical examples of applying the standards in the library with students.',
'It would be nice to include a section of "possible lessons" for each grade level that include the standards. ',
" It would be better if there were less standards, aligned by grade level with a broader focus. Then a book detailing them could go further in detail with practical ideas and activities.
'More skills-based, with scope and sequences based on grade level as in other standards. ',
"Again, I'd like to see some specific skills referenced and ideas on scaffolding as moving through grades (like evaluating sources--how does that look for elementary students vs. high school?, understanding information format, etc.).",
'Either acknowledgement that some standards are not usually accessed by primary learners and a scale of when each standard is introduced at a grade level range OR examples of how some of the more complex standards are included at the primary grades. For example, read widely and deeply (V. A. 1.) is often included in my lesson plans for Kindergarten. But I\'ve never taught a lesson for Kindergarten that includes "adopting a discerning stance towards points of view" (II. A. 2.). Was it envisioned that all students access all of the standards? Or should they be scoped in some way? ',
'More guidance on grade level curriculum, developmentally appropriate goals for the standards per grade (much like core content areas build each year--guidance on topics, how to expand each year)