" More infographics, more charts more visual rather than the wordy dry version that focuses on one aspect of library.",
'more concrete examples of the learner standards being applied in the school library',
' Include a progression, with "look-fors" at each grade band level. They can be general enough to keep up with changing tech: What should K-2 know about citing sources & copyright? How about 3-5 grade? What are core ideas about literature/genres that we want to make sure to convey? ',
'Maybe specificity or benchmark examples?',
'Break down the framework for different ages of learners. How does achieving the framework standards look for 1st grade vs. 5th grade?',
' Include lots of examples.  ',
'Change the organization into age or grade level appropriateness.  ',
'I would appreciate concrete examples and more specific guidance.',
'Be more specific with what expectations are for students in each grade band.',
'Include more concrete ideas and skills.  ',
'Grade bands of standards. Many districts have done it.  ',
'I am the district Standards Leader for libraries. ALL of my librarians struggle with seeing the practicality in these standards. They want more concrete examples and scaffolding. ',
'Model research lessons and all lessons by grade, including for high school AP classes.',
 'One thing that I really appreciated in Information Power II and the 2007 Standards in Action were the specific examples of what the standards looked like.
'Grade/grade band targets ',
'More practical examples of applying the standards in the library with students.',
'It would be nice to include a section of "possible lessons" for each grade level that include the standards. ',
" It would be better if there were less standards, aligned by grade level with a broader focus. Then a book detailing them could go further in detail with practical ideas and activities.
'More skills-based, with scope and sequences based on grade level as in other standards. ',
"Again, I'd like to see some specific skills referenced and ideas on scaffolding as moving through grades (like evaluating sources--how does that look for elementary students vs. high school?, understanding information format, etc.).",
'Either acknowledgement that some standards are not usually accessed by primary learners and a scale of when each standard is introduced at a grade level range OR examples of how some of the more complex standards are included at the primary grades. For example, read widely and deeply (V. A. 1.) is often included in my lesson plans for Kindergarten. But I\'ve never taught a lesson for Kindergarten that includes "adopting a discerning stance towards points of view" (II. A. 2.). Was it envisioned that all students access all of the standards? Or should they be scoped in some way? ',
'More guidance on grade level curriculum, developmentally appropriate goals for the standards per grade (much like core content areas build each year--guidance on topics, how to expand each year)