'CTE connections',
'More about technology integration and collection development/maintenance.',
"if you don't have one yet, a social media handle devoted just to this - or highlight more on AASL social media",
'The changing nature of our profession and what initiatives/focus is for practicing librarians',
'I think there should be a separate part that addresses the elementary reality and role of the librarian. ',
'Advocacy',
'It would be nice if there was a direct, explicit connection to literacy. That is the one thing I think is lacking in the current version of the standards.',
'The role of developing readers is implied but not specified. It deserves a higher profile in the framework.',
'Including something about encouraging the love of reading would be helpful. ',
'Also, how to hel develop life long learners with the Covid slide for reading and math literacy.',
'I would like to see a bit of information on alternative education, and how librarians can support their schools (i.e., competency based schools, trade schools, etc.)',
'Not new exactly, but I think for the time being, we need more emphasis on social & emotional learning in the school library.',
'How to deal with threats to intellectual freedom',
'Not that I can think of, maybe something on book bans',
'Templar Lessons should be included in the book, not as a supplemental text.',
'lesson plan examples  ',
'Librarians coaching teachers through collaboration and coaching students through questioning forward.',
'We will need to address AI ',
'somehow addressing social media, media biases, dis/misinformation, information access...',
'It might be better to have an elementary and secondary section. ',
'More practical information on digital literacy and digital citizenship',
'A focus shift back to developing a love of and appreciation for literature and creating a reading culture.',
'My school has not recovered back to pre-covid and my sense is that they never will pay attention to library standards even thou CT has adopted them- they favor ISTE and tech ',
'lesson plan examples  ',
'Some differentiation under collaboration and Technology.',
'Separation of Secondary and Elementary.',
'In number 4: "In the school library, learners engage with relevant information resources and digital learning opportunities in a culture of reading. School librarians initiate and elevate motivational reading initiatives by using story and personal narrative to engage learners."  I would love to see another statement about engaging students to read many genres and entice students to read new books. ',
'Lesson plans',
'AI',
'AI, more bridges to content standards',
'More support for reading.',
'If you think of the "new" things out there like AI, we have that covered when we think of the ethical use of information.  ',
'Rubrics in each area need to accessible and printable. Reading needs to be more prevalent in the standards, especially for advocacy. ',
"I think that in terms of Information Literacy in general, we're seeing a huge shift because of AI. I see myself as someone who needs to take the lead in the school and guide teachers and students to use it ethically, as a tool, but not as a replacement for their own thinking. I don't know how that all fits in, but I think it's important. ",
'Artificial Intelligence, Stronger emphasis on resource/information evaluation, strategies for instruction on these two areas.',
'AI literacy',
'The standards may want to address, technological advances in the area of artificial intelligence.',