'I like how each Shared Foundation is explained in detail',
'That it has things that I can use for my personal growth, as well as standards to share with other teachers or administration.',
'Tables/rubrics with the different domains;’
‘I love the examples and suggestions for each of the standards.',
'I love the beginning part of each standard section that breaks down the standards easily into sentences that can be put on lesson plans.',
'Very comprehensive',
'I like how it overlaps with other standards and aligns with our responsibilities',
"Best Practice" pages,
'That it is specific to our profession, rather than having to adapt standards from other content areas (ex., NCTE)',
'The tables',
'It does provide practical examples.',
I appreciate the breakdown and explanations provided in the book.
'Very complete and descriptive ',
'It was purchased by our school district for each librarian and we can use it in conjunction with our state standards.',
‘The matrix of domains & competencies.  ',
'I like that is about real life learning.',
'I like how the Domains are laid out in chart form so you can easily see how the shared foundations look for learners, librarians, and libraries.  The numerous charts assist in finding specific information about each foundation and each domain.',
'Breakdown',
'gives a GENERAL good platform for schools to use',
'I like to align it with other standards that are more narrow in focus depending upon what I am teaching in practice. The above publications are very broad.',
'The Index and Appendices',
'They are future-focused and can help everyone grow. ',
"I like to framework and how's its broken up into the different stakeholders so everyone can understand how the standards apply to their role.",
'Comprehensive and indexed',
'I like that crosswalks were available for other types of standards.',
'I like the framework chart ',
'Although many state the standards are too vague, I feel that they give me options to be creative with my students and curriculum.',
'I like how it breaks it up for learner, librarians and libraries.',
'Convenient to have everything in one place  ',
'I like the areas where it talks about stakeholders and advocacy. ',
'guidebook',
'I like the way it is broken down into different themes.',
"I like that the standards are exclusively for school libraries and school librarians. I also like that they are specific to libraries yet general enough to cover a wide variety of students' ages.",
'For me it is to much and to technical. I personally like using the poster better because it is quick and to the point and I appreciate a visual. I would REALLY like to see the poster be given free to every school library so my students could see it!  ',
'It is a printed resource which can be useful if well designed and containing well organized, useful information.',
'That it delineates learner, Librarian and Library program standards ',
'They can be applied across all content and curriculum.',
'I like the deep dive into the standards, and the program evaluation checklists that are provided. ',
'They are handy and flexible.',
'I like having the complete picture for all levels together.',
'The standards crosswalks.
' What it looks like at the school librarian level.',
'I like that you do emphasize that the library is a place for exploration and to encourage student interests. After the standards were made, I do place more emphasis on students exploring different topics of their own interest. ',
'I like that the Standards accommodate learners, librarians, and libraries.',
'I like that it includes the Common Beliefs.',
'concise',
'That it has things that I can use for my personal growth, as well as standards to share with other teachers or administration.',
'I like the six foundations and the way the school librarian roles are defined (we do so much!).',
'The examples of how the standards can be implemented ',
'I like that they describe the standards for learners, librarians, and libraries.',
'Very complete and descriptive ',
'That it is specific to our profession, rather than having to adapt standards from other content areas (ex., NCTE)',
'I have never seen the book, I only use the downloaded framework. ',
'Included grade-level examples',
'I appreciate the different rubrics- for learners, librarians, and libraries..',
'Very comprehensive',
'I like having professional standards that pertain to the specialized work of the library to help others understand the rigorous professional work we do and the rigorous professional standards we adhere to. ',
'the best practices really helped in the integration of the standards',
'Included grade-level examples',
'I do like that there is a focus on different stakeholders. However, I think all of that should be in a separate publication...',
'Very thorough ',
"It's a good way to show admin what we do and why we're important to a school program ",
'I like that it breaks out standards for both learners and educators',
'I like how comprehensive they are.',
'good for advocating for job and work',
'crosswalks well with common core',
'Although many state the standards are too vague, I feel that they give me options to be creative with my students and curriculum.',
'Convenient to have everything in one place  ',
'I like that I can always find something relevant to my work.',
'I like the fact that the book specifically addresses information and standards important to the job I do with students to ensure they have a foundation in information lit as well as media lit ',
'I use it as a framework... foundation',
'That it has things that I can use for my personal growth, as well as standards to share with other teachers or administration.',
'the specificity',
"It's all in one spot and relatively easy to locate the standards that apply to my lesson.",
'The available free charts.',
'It does provide practical examples.',
'end of chapter checklists',
' I like that the standards are skills-based, not content specific. "',
 I like the emphasis on learning from multiple, diverse perspectives"',
'I like the standards in general. I think they are a good cornerstone for our work',
'All of the information is in one place and does not require the purchase of multiple publications to get this general information about the standards overall. I know there are separate books for each standard, but those have a different focus.',
'I like the visuals;’
'I do like the examples given.',
"I also find the position statements in Appendix C to be very helpful.",
'I like that the standards themselves are skill-based.',
'All encompassing of various projects/collaboration',
'It defines the Standards we teach.',
'Very comprehensive',
'I like looking at the charts so I can quickly get information.',
'I LOVE the appendix in the back that gives concrete examples on providing evidence to supervisors. ',
'I love the 3 frameworks and the way they all fit together.',
"Thorough to incorporate technology with research skills for today's learners.",
"I havn't used it in years, but I remember liking it",
'It is comprehensive.',
'love the charts and tables.,
'Design and marketing materials; ,
'the best practices really helped in the integration of the standards',
'Although many state the standards are too vague, I feel that they give me options to be creative with my students and curriculum.',
'Convenient to have everything in one place  ',
"Imagery and icons.  It helps me retain information.",
' great examples',
'I LOVE the appendix in the back that gives concrete examples on providing evidence to supervisors. ',
"it's a valuable resource",
'crosswalks well with common core',
'I like the clarity and simplicity of the PDF chart."',
'The example application and lessons provided for various age levels ',
"Index because I don't read cover to cover, I use the index.",
'I like that I can always find something relevant to my work.',
'I love the standard that says "Learning is a social responsibility"',
'Easy to convey the standards to administrators that do not understand library science.',
'Flexible. I can easily apply them to any lesson I teach and vice versa. ',
'I can easily refer to the standards and more information about them as needed. ',
'I like that I can include specific library standards when lesson planning. ',
'update is useful for broad topics or to show how the library program can benefit students',
'High expections. I use it very often when creating lessons and writing reports',
'A tool for advocacy ',
'Useful tools for organization and application',
'They focus on actions and provide language for library media specialist do and what we want students to do. ',
'Everything is in one place.',
'I like how the Domains are laid out in chart form so you can easily see how the shared foundations look for learners, librarians, and libraries.  The numerous charts assist in finding specific information about each foundation and each domain.',
'I like how each Shared Foundation is explained in detail',
'The amount of information available',
'concise',
'Very complete and descriptive ',
'Visual clarity',
'I like the "Best Practices" after each standard.'
'The standards are listed.',
'There are a lot of areas to provide programing.',
'They are relevant to what I do every day.',