'The standards are ideal.  They were thoughtfully planned out and are exactly what librarians are and should be doing',
'I really like the thought and effort behind the standards. ',
"I think it's nice to be idealistic.",
'I like that it exists and helps me find the standards I can use in my pracrice.',
'I love that the standards exist.
'I feel like it gives value to our profession and shows others what librarians do daily in our work. ',
'I like that effort was made to create standards directly related to library skills.  I simply find the current standards difficult to use.',
'I appreciate the Include standards',
'well thought out ',
'It shows that there is a united group of standards and best practices that all states can use.',
'The standards are ideal.  They were thoughtfully planned out and are exactly what librarians are and should be doing',
'I appreciate the Include standards',
'I like that it exists and helps me find the standards I can use in my pracrice.',
'I feel like it gives value to our profession and shows others what librarians do daily in our work. ',
'I like that it exists and has lots of useful information.',
'Able to show to my principal/administrator',
'I like that we have a framework we can follow.',
'I like that it was done to support us. ',
'The fact that there are up to date standards for School Libraries, they are organized according to the pillars, and that school librarians are involved in the development of the standards.',
'I like having a place to refer administrators to for my library responsiblities; it helps explain the role.',
'I like the notion of having National Library Standards.',
'the ability to share the standards with other educators, the framework. ',
"It's a good way to show admin what we do and why we're important to a school program ",
'We have standards',
'I feel like it gives value to our profession and shows others what librarians do daily in our work. ',
'Mainly--I like that we HAVE standards. It helps to be able to connect to other education professionals. ',
'Although the text is very bloated, repetitive, and difficult to browse, I do think that the messaging in general covers the many roles of a librarian and is relevant to our practice.',
'It defines the Standards we teach.',
'I like the idea of having standards... it is a step in the right direction',